Haverhill is a thriving and popular market town, the fastest growing in Suffolk, and is one of the most convenient towns for access to Cambridge (17 miles), London Stansted Airport (around 30 minutes drive) and the M11 corridor. There is a mainline rail station at Audley End (12 miles) direct in to London Liverpool Street. Despite its excellent road links, Haverhill remains a relatively affordable place to buy and rent a property. Continuing private and public investment into the town to provides it with growing residential, commercial and leisure facilities. Current facilities include High Street shopping with a popular twice weekly market, out of town shopping, public houses, cafes, restaurants, social clubs and hotels, a well-respected 18 hole golf course, a comprehensive nursery and schooling system, a well used sports centre with all weather pitches, gymnasia, churches of various denominations and much more. The town centre is attracting a growing number of national chains and there is also a town centre multiplex cinema complex with associated eateries. 

Entrance Hall Wooden flooring, door to: 

Sitting/Dining Room 4.65m (15'3") x 3.46m (11'4") Window to side, window to front, wooden flooring, radiator, open plan to: 

Kitchen 3.44m (11'3") x 2.53m (8'4") Fitted with a matching range of base and eye level units with worktop space over, stainless steel sink unit with single drainer and mixer tap, integrated fridge/freezer, dishwasher and washing machine, fitted electric fan assisted oven, built-in four ring ceramic hob with extractor hood over, window to side, radiator, tiled flooring, wall mounted combination boiler.  

Bedroom 1 3.54m (11'8") x 3.04m (10') Window to rear, radiator. 

Bedroom 2 3.21m (10'7") x 2.78m (9'1") Window to rear, radiator, two built-in cupboards. 

Bathroom Fitted with a three-piece suite comprising a panelled bath with shower attachment over, mixer tap and glass screen, wall mounted wash hand basin with mixer tap , low-level WC, full height tiling to all walls and heated towel rail, tiled flooring. 

Outside The property enjoys a generous landscaped communal garden which is laid to lawn. The garden can be accessed from via a secure gate with a coded lock.  

Secure Parking The property benefits from an allocated parking space at the rear of the building. The residents' parking area is accessed via electric gates.  

Lease Details The property had a 999 year lease from brand new.
The service charge is £500 per annum  